Fix wording of 5.10 unknown key error handling breaking change (#17593)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.10.0.rst

  with an ``ColumnUnknownException`` even if the key is present in the
  evaluated expressions value. This is related to the change to make error
  handling of ``DYNAMIC`` and ``STRICT`` objects more consistent across all
  cases. One popular case affected by this is a sub-select with a ``JSON`` to

>   ``OBJECT`` cast where the ``JSON`` structure isn't visible during analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``OBJECT`` cast where the ``JSON`` structure is not visible during analysis.
```
